let's head over now to occupied East
Jerusalem our correspondent Alan fish is
joining us from there Alan so uh Israeli
the Israeli military has announced that
more communities along the northern
border uh are to be evacuated just give
us a picture of what's happening there
and of the ongoing
tensions that's right Nick just as we're
coming on air though we're hearing that
there are Sirens sounding across the
South which is the suggestion that there
are another rocket attack underway but
you're right most of the focus uh on
this Sunday has been in the north there
have been exchanges there between
Hezbollah and the Israeli Army uh the
Israeli Army has now taken the decision
that are further 14 communities have to
be evacuated within about a 4 km belt of
the border for their own safety that's
an addition to the 29 that were
evacuated earlier this week so dozens if
not hundreds of people will be moved out
over the next 24 hours now the Army say
that they they targeted an anti-tank
firing unit that was operating from just
the other side of the border and managed
in their words to neutralize that they
say that Hezbollah are very much Behind
these attacks but are warning the
Lebanese government that they risk being
dragged into a battle with the Israelis
because of what is happening on the
northern border and of course we've had
the likes of Joe Biden and many other
world leaders Express their concern that
this conflict in Gaza could begin to
escalate and new fronts could be opened
up and reports also of attacks on two
airports in Syria and Israel is being
blamed that's right the Israelis will
never confirm whether or not they
actually attacked the airports but the
Syrian news agency is saying that
overnight the airport at Damascus was
targeted by Rockets being fired from the
Israeli positions in the goolan Heights
and then the airport at Aleppo was also
targeted This Time by fighter jets both
runways uh were essentially destroyed
they're working to rebuild them this is
the third attack on these airports in uh
the last 10 days and as I say the
Israelis will never confirm these
attacks in the Damascus attack two
workers were killed two civilian workers
were killed and the syrians say that
already they're beginning to try and
rebuild the the tarmac there to try and
get things back up and running there as
quickly as possible but of course the
Israelis while never confirming these
attacks say that they will not allow
Iran to get a foothold or to bring
weapons in through Syria that could
threaten their security so it appears
that yet again this has been a strike by
the Israelis against the syrians
believing that Iran was going to use
those airports to bring in weapons which
would then funnel its way either to
Hezbollah or to Hamas in Gaza all right
Alan leave it there for the moment
thanks for that update Alan Fisher there
in occupied East Jerusalem thank you